Grandpa, the small acceptance is not respectful, are you satisfied?
Satisfied satisfied
Very satisfied.
If so
Qingxue and her parents-in-law
Can I return to the Liu family as agreed?
Don't worry, after today
I will personally write Qingxue's name back on the foot
And you Xiao Chen write it together
Then avoid it.
My name is too heavy
Liu family genealogy can't afford it
Tutu is so handsome
yang yang
Hey, lady, wait, wait, wait, hahaha.
Oh this is really good stuff
What is the level of depression?
Did I really misread him?
Huo Shoufu is fine
What is the identity of the Bull Demon King?
Let the two of you already have a home for this
Only the abdication army that can be above ten thousand people
Absolute cultivation
That trash is just the right to sprinkle
How could it be the Wu Weijun?
Sir, if he is not the Wu Weijun
Then that reality is you, how do you explain it?
Ha ha.
Your Yanagawa birthday banquet is really friendly
I don't know, I thought I was committing zombies today
Oh, Mr. Lin is here
Why did I miss the welcome?
Mr. Lei, your joke is a bit too much
Hahaha too much
My neighbor will do.
Liu Qingxue chose Xiao Chen, that trash
The door is closed
I came today.
I just want to see where your Liu family got the confidence
Dare to follow me Lin Family Kangkang
What about He Tingxue?
Where did he go?